[!!!][BUGFIX] Allow username and email to be updated upon login (#191)
xperseguers/t3ext-oidc: CHANGELOG.md

# OpenID Connect integration for TYPO3 - changelog

## Version 4.x.x

> - Breaking: Upon login the user's username and email address are now always updated
>   according to the values provided by the identity provider, if the mapping
>   configuration maps those fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Breaking: Upon login the user's username and email address will now be updated
  according to the mapping configuration. The default mapping configuration maps 
  the username, but not the email address. Custom mapping configurations can now 
  map one or both of those fields.
```

# OpenID Connect integration for TYPO3 - changelog

## Version 4.x.x

- Breaking: Upon login the user's username and email address will now be updated
  according to the mapping configuration. The default mapping configuration maps
  the username, but not the email address. Custom mapping configurations can now

>   map one or both of those fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  map none, one or both of those fields.
```
